Don’t eat, you eat,
If you are certain, I am a company security guard.
When you go to Guan's house, you will be the security guard.
Who tried to come during those three sessions?
Shut it down,
You and I, what?
Are you surprised? I didn’t go anywhere without security.
Don't go blind,
Look, do you miss it?
I followed me and said, we have no one,
Otherwise, if you commit suicide, I will send you to Guan Caizi Mian,
To become a young person, don’t lose anything,
I can't save the security guard,
What can you do to me? I'll do it as soon as possible.
I don’t want the wrong person to be lucky here,
Let these nurturing dog bandits
Those who are lost will be selected one by one.
Let's have fun
All chase, chase, chase, chase
This is Duoduoduo
This is obviously what I want
Skynet will no longer be able to solve this problem